Script for video this project was based on: Chrysler Turbo Encabulator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXW0bx_Ooq4&t=13s

Bud (OLD GUY):
Here at Chrysler Motors Automotive operations, research has been proceeding
to develop a line of heavy duty transmissions that establishes new 
standards for reliability, durability, and quality.

With customer needs as our primary focus work is proceeding on the crudely
conceived idea of an instrument that would not only supply inverse reactive
current for use in unilateral phase detractors, but would also be capable of 
automatically synchronizing cardinal grammeters.

Such an instruments is the turbo encabulator.

Now basically the only new principle involved is that instead of power being 
generated by the relative motion of conductors and fluxes, it is produced 
by the modial interaction of magneto-reluctance and capacitive diractance.

The original machine had a base plate of pre-famulated amulite surmounted 
by a malleable logarithmic casing in such a way that the two spurving 
bearings were in a direct line with the panametric fan. The latter consisted 
simply of six hydrocoptic marzlevanes, so fitted to the ambifacient lunar 
waneshaft that side fumbling was effectively prevented.

The main winding was of the normal lotus-o-delta type placed in panendermic 
semi-boloid slots of the stator, every seventh conductor being connected 
by a non-reversible tremie pipe to the differential girdle spring on 
the "up" end of the grammeters.

The turbo-encabulator has now reached a high level of development, and 
it’s being successfully used in the operation of novertrunnions. Moreover, 
whenever a forescent skor motion is required, it may also be employed in 
conjunction with a drawn reciprocation dingle arm, to reduce sinusoidal 
depleneration.

Thank you.

REPAIR GUY:
Thanks Bud.

Now that we know how the turbo encabulator works, let's take a closer 
look at its diagnosis and service

For the purposes of obscurity we have removed the casing to expose the heart 
of the turbo encabulator, the magneto reluctance modial interactor.

since little or nothing is known about the principles involved in magneto 
reluctance diagnosing faults can be a problem.

Connect the DRB-2 to the aft end of the moxi interrupter
using special adapter WUPD2, making sure the osmolality of the phase detractor 
is not extrapolated.

Begin the test by selecting model year, transmission systems, and turbo encabulator 
run test.

If there are any system faults they will be displayed in secret code on the 2RB-2
display.

It is a simple head code, anyone can catch it.

The most common fault is sigmoid rumbling below the belt line. which the customer 
will refer to as a burping or even a hiccuping noise.

To service this fault, refer to the turbo encabulator diagnostic procedures 
manual and song book and perform tests TE10.

Using the Geiger scale on the DRB-2, measure the wrench-in output of the 
capacity reactance flux muster.

If it is above 10 RGs replace the unit.

If it is below 10 RGs you will be directed to perform a series of test 
that will effectively raise the billable hours for the service department, but
will perform no other useful function.

All other faults should be treated as if they do not exist, and the 
customers should be told that the burping of hiccuping is normal
and is caused by too much gas in the fuel system.

Well that's about it for this months master tech be sure to watch next month
when we will cover ash tray and cigarette lighter operation, diagnosis, and repair.

See you then.
